---
title: "Verified by Contract"
slug: "57-verified-by-contract"
short: "A candidate for a leading position in a prestigious company submitted a flawless resume and references. However, during the verification process, it was revealed that his diplomas, employment history, and even passport details were fake. Thanks to our agency’s assistance, the company avoided serious risks and protected its reputation…"
---

A male candidate applied for a leading executive position at one of the prestigious companies, known for its international projects and high standards. His resume impressed everyone: years of experience, degrees from top universities, awards, and recommendations from major companies. All the documents he provided appeared so convincing that, under normal hiring procedures, they wouldn’t have raised the slightest doubt.

However, this company, valuing its reputation and security, has long partnered with our detective agency under a contract to verify all candidates. This strategic decision allows them to avoid numerous issues and risks associated with unqualified or even dangerous employees.

We began verifying the candidate as soon as we received his documents and information. Initially, everything looked quite credible: the candidate held degrees and certificates from prestigious universities, and his resume was professionally crafted without any apparent inaccuracies. But the expertise of our specialists and detective methods help us uncover even the smallest discrepancies. The first suspicions arose when we discovered that one of the universities listed on his diploma had been closed for years, and its archives were unavailable for verification. We delved deeper into the investigation, and soon, serious violations were uncovered.

First, all the provided references turned out to be fake. During our investigation, we found that none of the companies mentioned in his resume knew or had heard of this employee. Some were even surprised to learn that their names had been used in fictitious recommendations. Second, the candidate's diplomas were purchased from a dubious company specializing in fake document sales. But the most serious violation concerned his passport details: he had altered his documents to hide his true past.

Had this check not been conducted, the company could have faced many serious problems, from financial losses to media scandals. Someone like this, occupying a leadership position, could have not only undermined client trust but also jeopardized the security of all business processes.

Thanks to our long-term collaboration with this company, they manage to avoid such incidents. We scrutinize every candidate, uncover hidden risks, and prevent potential problems. Only verified and reliable employees pass through our filtering system, giving the company confidence in the future. They know they are entrusting their business to those who truly deserve it.
